.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/pull_request_template.md, before:

---
name: Pull Request
about: Suggest an idea for this project
title: ''
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

## Description

[Please include a summary of the changes and the related issue. (Just overwrite this session directly)]

## Type of change

Please delete options that are not relevant.

- [ ] Bug fix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
- [ ] New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)
- [ ] Breaking change (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to not work as expected)
- [ ] This change requires a documentation update

## Checklist:

- [ ] The code follows the Python style guide.
- [ ] Code and files are well organized.
- [ ] All tests pass.
- [ ] New code is covered by tests.
- [ ] [Optional] We would be very happy if gitmoji :technologist: could be used to assist the commit message :speech_balloon:!

## Additional Information

Add any other information about the PR here.

**Note:**
We hope that the pull request is mainly for the implementation or modification of the project function. If it is a documentation error or a small typo, we are very welcome to send it to henrytsui000@gmail.com. Alternatively, you may open an issue to report these. Thank you for your understanding and cooperation!

Commit message:

📄 [Update] PR template, default accept MIT LICENSE

.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/pull_request_template.md, after:

---
name: Pull Request
about: Suggest an idea for this project
title: ''
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

## Description

[Please include a summary of the changes and the related issue. (Just overwrite this session directly)]

## Type of change

Please delete options that are not relevant.

- [ ] Bug fix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
- [ ] New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)
- [ ] Breaking change (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to not work as expected)
- [ ] This change requires a documentation update

## Checklist:

- [ ] The code follows the Python style guide.
- [ ] Code and files are well organized.
- [ ] All tests pass.
- [ ] New code is covered by tests.
- [ ] [Optional] We would be very happy if gitmoji :technologist: could be used to assist the commit message :speech_balloon:!

## Licensing:

By submitting this pull request, I confirm that my contribution is made under the MIT License.

## Additional Information

Add any other information about the PR here.

**Note:**
We hope that the pull request is mainly for the implementation or modification of the project function. If it is a documentation error or a small typo, we are very welcome to send it to henrytsui000@gmail.com. Alternatively, you may open an issue to report these. Thank you for your understanding and cooperation!
