README.md, before:

# YOLO: Official Implementation of YOLOv9, YOLOv7

![GitHub License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/WongKinYiu/YOLO)
[![Hugging Face Spaces](https://img.shields.io/badge/%F0%9F%A4%97%20Hugging%20Face-Spaces-blue)](https://huggingface.co/spaces/henry000/YOLO)
<!-- ![WIP](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-WIP-orange) -->
<!-- > [!IMPORTANT]
> This project is currently a Work In Progress and may undergo significant changes. It is not recommended for use in production environments until further notice. Please check back regularly for updates.
>
> Use of this code is at your own risk and discretion. It is advisable to consult with the project owner before deploying or integrating into any critical systems.

Welcome to the official implementation of YOLOv7 and YOLOv9. This repository will contains the complete codebase, pre-trained models, and detailed instructions for training and deploying YOLOv9. -->

## TL;DR
- This is the official YOLO model implementation with an MIT License.
- For quick deployment: you can enter directly in the terminal:
```shell
pip install git+git@github.com:WongKinYiu/YOLO.git
yolo task=inference task.source=0 # source could be a single file, video, image folder, webcam ID
```

## Introduction
- [**YOLOv9**: Learning What You Want to Learn Using Programmable Gradient Information](https://arxiv.org/abs/2402.13616)
- [**YOLOv7**: Trainable Bag-of-Freebies Sets New State-of-the-Art for Real-Time Object Detectors](https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.02696)

## Installation
To get started with YOLOv9, clone this repository and install the required dependencies:
```shell
git clone git@github.com:WongKinYiu/YOLO.git
cd YOLO
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Features

<table>
<tr><td>

| Tools | pip 🐍 | HuggingFace 🤗 | Docker 🐳 |
| -------------------- | :----: | :--------------: | :-------: |
| Compatibility       | ✅     | ✅               | 🧪        |

|  Phase    | Training | Validation | Inference |
| ------------------- | :------: | :---------: | :-------: |
| Supported           | ✅       | ✅          | ✅        |

</td><td>

| Device | CUDA       | CPU       | MPS       |
| ------------------ | :---------: | :-------: | :-------: |
| PyTorch            | v1.12      | v2.3+     | v1.12     |
| ONNX               | ✅         | ✅        | -         |
| TensorRT           | ✅         | -        | -         |
| OpenVINO           | -          | 🧪        | ❔        |

</td></tr> </table>



## Task
These are simple examples. For more customization details, please refer to [Notebooks](examples) and lower-level modifications **[HOWTO](docs/HOWTO.md)**.

## Training
To train YOLO on your dataset:

1. Modify the configuration file `data/config.yaml` to point to your dataset.
2. Run the training script:
```shell
python yolo/lazy.py dataset=dev use_wandb=True
python yolo/lazy.py task.data.batch_size=8 model=v9-c # or more args
```

### Transfer Learning
To perform transfer learning with YOLOv9:
```shell
python yolo/lazy.py task=train task.data.batch_size=8 model=v9-c dataset={dataset_config} device={cpu, mps, cuda}
```

### Inference
To evaluate the model performance, use:
```shell
python yolo/lazy.py task=inference # if cloned from GitHub
python yolo/lazy.py task=inference \
                    name=AnyNameYouWant \ # AnyNameYouWant
                    device=cpu \ # hardware cuda, cpu, mps
                    model=v9-s \ # model version: v9-c, m, s
                    task.nms.min_confidence=0.1 \ # nms config
                    task.fast_inference=onnx \ # onnx, trt, deploy
                    task.data.source=data/toy/images/train \ # path to file, dir, webcam
                    +quite=True \ # Quite Output
yolo task=inference task.data.source={Any} # if pip installed
```

### Validation
To validate the model performance, use:
```shell
python yolo/lazy.py task=validation
# or
python yolo/lazy.py task=validation dataset=toy
```

## Contributing
Contributions to the YOLOv9 project are welcome! See [CONTRIBUTING](docs/CONTRIBUTING.md) for guidelines on how to contribute.

## Star History
[![Star History Chart](https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=WongKinYiu/YOLO&type=Date)](https://star-history.com/#WongKinYiu/YOLO&Date)

## Citations
```
@misc{wang2024yolov9,
      title={YOLOv9: Learning What You Want to Learn Using Programmable Gradient Information},
      author={Chien-Yao Wang and I-Hau Yeh and Hong-Yuan Mark Liao},
      year={2024},
      eprint={2402.13616},
      archivePrefix={arXiv},
      primaryClass={cs.CV}
}
```

Commit message:

✅ [Pass] test and change README& default task!

README.md, after:

# YOLO: Official Implementation of YOLOv9, YOLOv7

![GitHub License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/WongKinYiu/YOLO)
[![Hugging Face Spaces](https://img.shields.io/badge/%F0%9F%A4%97%20Hugging%20Face-Spaces-blue)](https://huggingface.co/spaces/henry000/YOLO)
![WIP](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-WIP-orange)
<!-- > [!IMPORTANT]
> This project is currently a Work In Progress and may undergo significant changes. It is not recommended for use in production environments until further notice. Please check back regularly for updates.
>
> Use of this code is at your own risk and discretion. It is advisable to consult with the project owner before deploying or integrating into any critical systems. -->

Welcome to the official implementation of YOLOv7 and YOLOv9. This repository will contains the complete codebase, pre-trained models, and detailed instructions for training and deploying YOLOv9.

## TL;DR
- This is the official YOLO model implementation with an MIT License.
- For quick deployment: you can directly install by pip+git:
```shell
pip install git+git@github.com:WongKinYiu/YOLO.git
yolo task.data.source=0 # source could be a single file, video, image folder, webcam ID
```

## Introduction
- [**YOLOv9**: Learning What You Want to Learn Using Programmable Gradient Information](https://arxiv.org/abs/2402.13616)
- [**YOLOv7**: Trainable Bag-of-Freebies Sets New State-of-the-Art for Real-Time Object Detectors](https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.02696)

## Installation
To get started using YOLOv9's developer mode, we recommand you clone this repository and install the required dependencies:
```shell
git clone git@github.com:WongKinYiu/YOLO.git
cd YOLO
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Features

<table>
<tr><td>

| Tools | pip 🐍 | HuggingFace 🤗 | Docker 🐳 |
| -------------------- | :----: | :--------------: | :-------: |
| Compatibility       | ✅     | ✅               | 🧪        |

|  Phase    | Training | Validation | Inference |
| ------------------- | :------: | :---------: | :-------: |
| Supported           | ✅       | ✅          | ✅        |

</td><td>

| Device | CUDA       | CPU       | MPS       |
| ------------------ | :---------: | :-------: | :-------: |
| PyTorch            | v1.12      | v2.3+     | v1.12     |
| ONNX               | ✅         | ✅        | -         |
| TensorRT           | ✅         | -        | -         |
| OpenVINO           | -          | 🧪        | ❔        |

</td></tr> </table>



## Task
These are simple examples. For more customization details, please refer to [Notebooks](examples) and lower-level modifications **[HOWTO](docs/HOWTO.md)**.

## Training
To train YOLO on your machine/dataset:

1. Modify the configuration file `yolo/config/dataset/**.yaml` to point to your dataset.
2. Run the training script:
```shell
python yolo/lazy.py task=train dataset=** use_wandb=True
python yolo/lazy.py task=train task.data.batch_size=8 model=v9-c weight=False # or more args
```

### Transfer Learning
To perform transfer learning with YOLOv9:
```shell
python yolo/lazy.py task=train task.data.batch_size=8 model=v9-c dataset={dataset_config} device={cpu, mps, cuda}
```

### Inference
To use a model for object detection, use:
```shell
python yolo/lazy.py # if cloned from GitHub
python yolo/lazy.py task=inference \ # default is inference
                    name=AnyNameYouWant \ # AnyNameYouWant
                    device=cpu \ # hardware cuda, cpu, mps
                    model=v9-s \ # model version: v9-c, m, s
                    task.nms.min_confidence=0.1 \ # nms config
                    task.fast_inference=onnx \ # onnx, trt, deploy
                    task.data.source=data/toy/images/train \ # file, dir, webcam
                    +quite=True \ # Quite Output
yolo task.data.source={Any Source} # if pip installed
yolo task=inference task.data.source={Any}
```

### Validation
To validate model performance, or generate a json file in COCO format:
```shell
python yolo/lazy.py task=validation
python yolo/lazy.py task=validation dataset=toy
```

## Contributing
Contributions to the YOLO project are welcome! See [CONTRIBUTING](docs/CONTRIBUTING.md) for guidelines on how to contribute.

## Star History
[![Star History Chart](https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=WongKinYiu/YOLO&type=Date)](https://star-history.com/#WongKinYiu/YOLO&Date)

## Citations
```
@misc{wang2022yolov7,
      title={YOLOv7: Trainable bag-of-freebies sets new state-of-the-art for real-time object detectors},
      author={Chien-Yao Wang and Alexey Bochkovskiy and Hong-Yuan Mark Liao},
      year={2022},
      eprint={2207.02696},
      archivePrefix={arXiv},
      primaryClass={id='cs.CV' full_name='Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition' is_active=True alt_name=None in_archive='cs' is_general=False description='Covers image processing, computer vision, pattern recognition, and scene understanding. Roughly includes material in ACM Subject Classes I.2.10, I.4, and I.5.'}
}
@misc{wang2024yolov9,
      title={YOLOv9: Learning What You Want to Learn Using Programmable Gradient Information},
      author={Chien-Yao Wang and I-Hau Yeh and Hong-Yuan Mark Liao},
      year={2024},
      eprint={2402.13616},
      archivePrefix={arXiv},
      primaryClass={cs.CV}
}
```
